accessReviewScheduleDefinition docs refresh (#12447)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewscheduledefinition-update.md

| settings | [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewschedulesettings.md) | The settings for an access review series. See [accessReviewScheduleSettings](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). |
| reviewers | [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewreviewerscope.md) collection|  Defines who the reviewers are. If none are specified, the review is a self-review (users reviewed review their own access). The Reviewers property is only updatable if individual users assigned are as reviewers. See [accessReviewReviewerScope](../resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition.md). | 

> Note that a **PUT** request expects the full object to be passed in, in which all writable properties are included, not just the properties being updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **PUT** request expects the full object to be passed in, which includes all writable properties, not just the properties being updated.
```
